Update outreachy.md (#111)
Open-Science-Community-Saudi-Arabia/OSCSA_Website: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/outreachy.md

title: "[DATE]: QUESTION or ISSUE"
labels: 'outreachy'
---
<!-- Use this template to complete tasks in the OSCSA Website. 
This template was taken from the [Turing Way](https://github.com/alan-turing-institute/the-turing-way/blob/main/.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/bug_report.md?plain=1)
 -->
 
 

> #### Which task you want to work on? (Example:. Task 3.2)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Which task do you want to work on? 
```

<!-- 

pick and choose one task only please, for example 3.2 only

#### **Task 2**
Add a drop-down for About us. In the dropdown, we want to add

- **2.1** Who are we?
This will direct you to the same about us page on the website
- **2.2** Code of Conduct
This will direct you to a new subpage with [the code of conduct](https://github.com/Open-Science-Community-Saudi-Arabia/MOOCs/blob/main/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md)

#### **Task 3**

We need to add an events subpage where we can link our events in [Zenodo](https://zenodo.org/communities/1231231664/?page=1&size=20). 

- **3.1** Add this to the nav bar 
- **3.2** Add three cards with each event, title, name of the speaker, and language.
- **3.3** Each card should direct you to a subpage with a description of the event, speaker, language and a link to the slides from Zenodo

Make sure it's reflected on both the Arabic and English pages. 
> You don't need to know Arabic; there will be another intern who will be helping with Arabic. but use Google translate for the demo and submit a PR.
-->

> - [ ] *Choose task*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] *Task 1*
- [ ] *Task 2*
- [ ] *Task 3*
- [ ] *Task 4*
- [ ] *Task 5*
- [ ] *Task 6*
- [ ] *Unlisted Task*
```
